=head1 NAME

API Protocol

=head1 DETAILS

API communication is performed via HTTP.

API procedure calls are coded as HTTP GET requests to specific URI,
with the input parameters coded as URI query parameters.

API procedure results are returned as a JSON document, that composes an
envelope wrapper with some meta-data, and the payload data-structure.

HTTP POST requests will likely be required for some procedure calls in
the future versions of the API. SSL will likely be required for access
to authorized methods.

=head2 GET URI Syntax

  http://efsapi.example.com/v1/method_name?param_name=param_value;param_name2=param_value2

=over 4

=item * All API communications are encrypted by SSL

=item * Input is provided as a list of semicolon joined name=value query parameters.

=item * Output is a JSON encoded object with an envelope providing result codes and an object payload.

=item * The character set for all input and output is UTF8.

=back

=head3 Input Parameters

Input to EFS Web API methods are supplied as name=value pairs. The
values are URI encoded, and the name=value pairs are separated by
semicolons. Parameter values are typically case insensitive,
however parameter names are case sensitive.

=head2 JSON Output

API procedure call results are output as a JSON document. The document
comprises a thin envelope with two keys, result_code (designating
success or failure of the call), and result (the data payload or error
code and message).

=head3 Successful Result

  {
    "result_code" : "Success",
    "result" : {
        "here_are_the_real_keys" : "some awesome data"
    }
  }

=head3 Error Result


  {
    "result_code" : "Error",
    "result" : {
        "error_code" : "Invalid Input",
        "error_message" : "Mandatory parameters 'school_name', 'state' missing"
    }
  }

