=head1 NAME

EFS Web API Runbook

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The EFS Web API is a Perl/Catalyst application. It is run as a fast-cgi
process, communicating with a lighttpd web server front end via Unix
Domain Sockets.

Perl/Catalyst is an MVC web application architecture.

The model used for the Web API is based on DBIx::Class, from EFS 3. The
view is strictly JSON, as documented at F<efs_web_api.pod>.

=head1 MPRs

=over 4

=item * lighttpd - efs/lighttpd/1.4.28

=item * lighty conf - efs/web-config/5

=item * Web API - efs/api/v1

=item * EFS core - efs/core/3.0

=back

=head1 Lighty Configuration

Everything is easily read from efs/web-config/5, which contains a small
lighttpd.conf file. Here are some highlights:

=over 4

=item * listens to port 80 (default http)

=item * URLs that start with {{/api/v1/}} are rewritten to remove the
{{v1/}}. Should the need arise to serve more than one version of the API
from the same server, this will need to be changed.

=item * URLs starting with {{/api/}} are forwarded to the web api fcgi
processes.

=item * URLs starting with anything else (i.e. neither {{/static/}} nor
{{/api/}}) are forwarded to the web app fcgi process.

=item * access log {{/var/tmp/efs-web-access.log}}

=item * error log {{/var/tmp/efs-web-error.log}}

=back

=head1 Web API Configuration

Configuration is currently largely applied on the command line. Relying
on existing EFS modules, the database connection is hardcoded (in
{{EFS::DBI}}).

The socket is {{/tmp/efs_api_v1.fcgi}}

Log messages are forwarded to the lighty webserver's logs.

=head1 Starting Everything

All processes are currently run as root. The fcgi processes should work
just fine under a less privileged user. Perl is
C</efs/dist/perl5/core/5.10.1/exec/bin/perl>.

=over 4

=item * Web API: {{script/efs_webapi_fastcgi.pl -l /tmp/efs_api_v1.fcgi -n 3}}

=item * lighty: {{/efs/dist/efs/lighttpd/1.4.28/exec/sbin/lighttpd -f /efs/dist/efs/web-config/5/common/etc/common/efs-web.conf}}

=back

=head1 Git repositories

=over 4

=item * Web API: efs-webapi

=item * Web App: efs-webapp

=item * Lighty Config: efs-webconfig

=item * EFS Core: efs-core

=back
